c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\statushubclient.exe.config
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\statushubclient.exe
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\statushubclient.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Exchange.WebServices.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\NetOffice.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\OutlookApi.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Compression.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.DataTypes.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Encryption.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Events.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Exchange.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.FileFormats.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.IO.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.LDAP.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Math.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Random.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Reflection.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Web.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\NetOffice.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\OutlookApi.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Compression.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.DataTypes.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Encryption.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Events.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Exchange.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.FileFormats.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.IO.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.LDAP.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Math.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Random.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Reflection.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Utilities.Web.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\obj\Debug\statushubclient.exe
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\obj\Debug\statushubclient.pdb
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\statushubclient.exe.manifest
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\statushubclient.application
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\obj\Debug\statushubclient.exe.manifest
c:\users\cbeverlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\obj\Debug\statushubclient.application
C:\Users\cbeverlin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\MatchRules.xml
C:\Users\cbeverlin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\obj\Debug\statushubclient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cbeverlin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\statushubclient\statushubclient\bin\Debug\MatchRules.json
